Database

1. Amazon DynamoDB
2. Amazon ElastiCache
3. Amazon Neptune
4. Amazon RDS
5. Amazon Redshift

1. Amazon DynamoDB
Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability. 
You can use Amazon DynamoDB to create a database table that can store and retrieve any amount of data, and serve any level of request traffic. 
Amazon DynamoDB automatically spreads the data and traffic for the table over a sufficient number of servers to handle the request capacity specified by the customer and the amount of data stored, 
while maintaining consistent and fast performance.

2. Amazon ElastiCache
Amazon ElastiCache is a web service that makes it easy to set up, manage, and scale distributed in-memory cache environments in the AWS Cloud. 
It provides a high performance, resizable, and cost-effective in-memory cache, while removing the complexity associated with deploying and managing a distributed cache environment. 
ElastiCache works with both the Redis and Memcached engines.

Unsure whether to use Redis or Memcached? To understand which engine works best for you, see Comparing Memcached and Redis.

3. Amazon Neptune
Amazon Neptune is a fast, reliable, fully managed graph database service that makes it easy to build and run applications that work with highly connected datasets. 
The core of Neptune is a purpose-built, high-performance graph database engine that is optimized for storing billions of relationships and querying the graph with milliseconds latency. 
Neptune supports the popular graph query languages Apache TinkerPop Gremlin and W3C’s SPARQL, allowing you to build queries that efficiently navigate highly connected datasets. 
Neptune powers graph use cases such as recommendation engines, fraud detection, knowledge graphs, drug discovery, and network security.

4. Amazon RDS
Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) is a web service that makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. 
It provides cost-efficient, resizable capacity for an industry-standard relational database and manages common database administration tasks.

5. Amazon Redshift
Amazon Redshift is a fast, fully managed, petabyte-scale data warehouse service that makes it simple and cost-effective to efficiently analyze all your data using your existing business intelligence tools. 
It is optimized for datasets ranging from a few hundred gigabytes to a petabyte or more and costs less than $1,000 per terabyte per year, a tenth the cost of most traditional data warehousing solutions.
