Storage

1. Amazon EBS
2. Amazon EFS
3. Amazon Glacier
4. Amazon S3
5. AWS Snowball
6. AWS Storage Gateway

1. Amazon EBS
Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) provides block level storage volumes for use with EC2 instances. 
EBS volumes are highly available and reliable storage volumes that can be attached to any running instance that is in the same Availability Zone. 
EBS volumes that are attached to an EC2 instance are exposed as storage volumes that persist independently from the life of the instance. 
With Amazon EBS, you pay only for what you use. 

2. Amazon EFS
Amazon EFS provides file storage for your Amazon EC2 instances. 
With Amazon EFS, you can create a file system, mount the file system on your EC2 instances, and then read and write data from your EC2 instances to and from your file system.

3. Amazon Glacier
Amazon Glacier is a storage service optimized for infrequently used data, or "cold data." 
The service provides durable and extremely low-cost storage with security features for data archiving and backup. 
With Amazon Glacier, you can store your data cost effectively for months, years, or even decades. 
Amazon Glacier enables you to offload the administrative burdens of operating and scaling storage to AWS, 
so you don't have to worry about capacity planning, hardware provisioning, data replication, hardware failure detection and recovery, or time-consuming hardware migrations. 

4. Amazon S3
Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is storage for the Internet. 
You can use Amazon S3 to store and retrieve any amount of data at any time, from anywhere on the web. 
You can accomplish these tasks using the simple and intuitive web interface of the AWS Management Console.

5. AWS Snowball
AWS Snowball is a service for customers who want to transport terabytes or petabytes of data to and from AWS, 
or who want to access the storage and compute power of the AWS Cloud locally and cost effectively in places where connecting to the internet may not be an option.  

6. AWS Storage Gateway
AWS Storage Gateway is a service that connects an on-premises software appliance with cloud-based storage to provide seamless and secure integration 
between your on-premises IT environment and the AWS storage infrastructure in the cloud.

